README.rst, before:

wsgirouter is a dead simple WSGI dispatcher.  It routes a URL to a WSGI application. `wsgirouter.Route` is itself a WSGI
application, so you can apply WSGI middleware to it.


Usage
======
The usage is simple::

  from wsgirouter import Router
  router = Router()

  @router.route("^/entries/")
  def blog_entries(environ, start_response):
     # ... do your WSGI app
     start_response("200 OK", [])
     return ["Some content"]

  @router.route("^/entries/(.*)/"):
  def entry_detail(environ, start_response):
     args = environ['router.args']
     slug = args[0]

     # .. lookup blog entry
     start_response("200 OK", [])
     return ["Some content"]

  @router.route("^/entries/tags/(?P<tags>.+)/")
  def entries_by_tag(environ, start_response):
     kwargs = environ['router.kwargs']
     tags = kwargs['tags']

     # ... Do your magic
     start_response("200 OK", [])
     return ["Some content"]
     

  application = router


Complex Example
================
Here is an example of nesting routes::

  from blog import router as blog_router
  from wiki import router as wiki_router
  from wsgirouter import Router

  front = Router()

  front.route("^/blog")(blog_router)
  front.route("^/wiki")(wiki_router)

  application = front

Commit message:

Added some text defining my motivation to create the project.

README.rst, after:

wsgirouter is a dead simple WSGI dispatcher.  It routes a URL to a
WSGI application. `wsgirouter.Route` is itself a WSGI application, so
you can apply WSGI middleware to it.

I built this project because no WSGI URL dispatcher seemed to do what
I wanted.  They were either didn't use WSGI apps directly, too complex
(Routes) or didn't support URL variables (urlrelay, wfront).

Usage
======
The usage is simple::

  from wsgirouter import Router
  router = Router()

  @router.route("^/entries/")
  def blog_entries(environ, start_response):
     # ... do your WSGI app
     start_response("200 OK", [])
     return ["Some content"]

  @router.route("^/entries/(.*)/"):
  def entry_detail(environ, start_response):
     args = environ['router.args']
     slug = args[0]

     # .. lookup blog entry
     start_response("200 OK", [])
     return ["Some content"]

  @router.route("^/entries/tags/(?P<tags>.+)/")
  def entries_by_tag(environ, start_response):
     kwargs = environ['router.kwargs']
     tags = kwargs['tags']

     # ... Do your magic
     start_response("200 OK", [])
     return ["Some content"]
     

  application = router


Complex Example
================
Here is an example of nesting routes::

  from blog import router as blog_router
  from wiki import router as wiki_router
  from wsgirouter import Router

  front = Router()

  front.route("^/blog")(blog_router)
  front.route("^/wiki")(wiki_router)

  application = front
